Add documentation about configs (#1)
MalinAhlberg/minoritetsordlistan_backend: docs/add_newlang.md

# Adding a new wordlist

To add a new wordlist (a new language pair), all you have to do is to add
a configuration for the wordlist. The file to be modified is `conf/settings.json`.

A entry for a wordlist looks like this:

```json
  "term-swefin": {
    "resource": "term-swefin",
    "languages": ["sv", "fi"],
    "sourcelanguage": "sv",
    "targetsort": "targetform.sort",
    "baseform.search": "baseform.searchraw",
    "targetform.search": "targetform.searchraw",
    "mode": "term-swefin",
    "subtypes": "data/fin-subtypes.txt",
    "css": "http://liljeholmen.sprakochfolkminnen.se/KARPexport_Fi-ordlista_HTML.css"
  }
  ```

The name of the entry (`term-swefin`) is the internal name, used for the backend. **TODO** should this match something in the frontend?

All possible fields are described below. Most fields have default values (listed in grey), which will be used if the field is left out from the configuration.

- `resource`: the name of the resource, must be the same as in Karp.

> - `languages`: the language codes of the resource. Should match the languages as given in Karp and in the frontend. `["sv", "fi"]`

Author: ```suggestion
- `languages`: the language codes of the resource. Must match the values given in the frontend. Not used in communication with Karp. One of them must match `sourcelanguage` (see below). `["sv", "fi"]`
```

> - `sourcelanguage`: the default source language (as given in Karp and the frontend) `"sv"`

Author: ```suggestion
- `sourcelanguage`: the default source language (as given in the frontend) `"sv"`
```
